Add emphasis on where commands should be run (#13)
DEIS-Tools/DEIS-MCC: setup/SETUP.md

It is recomended that you copy your ssh-key to the cluster to avoid typing your password more than strictly needed.
If you do not allready have ssh-keys generated, [convenient guides exist online](https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent).

> Linux users can conviniently copy the key using the following commands on your local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linux users can conveniently copy the key to the DEIS-MCC machine using the following commands on your local machine.
```
